Gun control
Current geopolitical conflicts
Your life
American healthcare costs
This chat
mee6
Hey remember viet?
Yo momma is so mean, she has no standard deviation.
I once asked out a statistician. She failed to reject me.
The real joke in `!joke 9` is that I asked someone out.
People who use discord light theme
What do you call 100 statisticians at a tea party? A Z-Party.
https://i.gyazo.com/ce4bee9de74cf930b8558f2d3b1a243a.png
What's the derivative of Amazon? Amazon Prime.
Paid cosmetics in early access games
People who think eSports is a real sport
Who is Kairu's favorite Overwatch hero? Junkrat, because traps.
first you hope to have never existed, which is pretty sad man.///second, you don't understand what you are talking about, because you are still a child.///you'll in some years, take a slap in you'r face by the life, if not a punch.///life is not perfect. you are still in you'r ideal world, even if you believe you are not.
$60 games with DLC and microtransactions
reddit admins
What's the Chat pickup line? None, because we can't talk to girls lmao cauase ur all fuckin nerds
aesoa: it's basically a daily thing of "how was viet a fucking retard today" 
tuna
this bot
my creator's sense of humor
How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall? Babies cannot paint walls.
4:52 AM - Superman2008 | kickback.com: what do you mean using electricity? its on background dude,doesnt matter if it runs or not,I would still be using computer"
My creator's sex life.
My creator's social life. 
6:39 AM - Nerdster: *what do u call the useless skin around a vagina? a woman
Canadian Dollars
The value of GBP
Why was the 11 yr old boy crying? Because tuna promised him a knif but then he was b8d then b& by daka
What do you call a bunch of retarded kids with expensive pixels? CSGO trading
Why did trash leave the chat? because chat is a fuckin sausage fest
6:57 AM - Nerdster: Opinions are like assholes. Everyone has one, and everyone elses' stinks.
NA CS
8:03 AM - Hidaka: im sad i have no jokes some how
I like my women like I like my coffee - nowhere near my genitals
the !joke command
"Nothing to a Knife"
Statistician goes up to a party of 30 people. "There are infinitely many people here", he says.
Why did the jew enter RAOCSGO chat? to beg for skins lmao
Why is illegal to have sex with an Ohmic circuit? Because it resists.
Why is it illegal to have sex with HTML elements contained within another element? Because it's illegal to have sex with children.
What do you call a distribution of ghost sightings plotted on an axis? A Paranormal distribution.
What's the difference between AWP Asiimovs and British Pounds? AWP Asiimovs are stable currency accepted by people worldwide.
8:44 AM - JesusMurphy {Brazzers.com}: 2 zeuses on mouz 8:44 AM - Eiuf | 611: I thought zeus is on navi
22:30 - boomb | brb 3 weeks vacation: whats the difference between the unborn child of pro-choice parents and the bot's jokes? the child doesnt get old
Using Euros for CS:GO trading.
How do Canadaians use CAD as currency? I didn't know you could use a computerized model as money.
12:37 PM - aesoa: it's a man's duty to stick his dick into holes, and 2 out of 3 isn't bad
1:05 AM - TheLemon: all or nothing i  dont even care anymore 1:06 AM - TheLemon: anyone have like over 20$ skin that doesnt really matter
four kids you say
http://i.imgur.com/PHykmug.png
Why did Daka cross the road? To get to the liquor store.
Why does Ash like lambda calculus? Because of currying.
Why did Daka not buy a flashbang? So he could get a smoke. Because he's a smoking addict.
"Traps don't exist in real life" - Kairu
/r/csgobetting
10:50 AM - Hidaka: 1:49 PM - Yuna: LETS GET RETARDED IN HERE 10:50 AM - Hidaka: arent we always?
Preordering games
6:43 PM - Hidaka: if he wanted some he should try getting off the computer
To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand Rick and Morty. The humour is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of theoretical physics most of the jokes will go over a typical viewer’s head. There’s also Rick’s nihilistic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation- his personal philosophy draws heavily from Narodnaya Volya literature, for instance. The fans understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of these jokes, to realise that they’re not just funny- they say something deep about LIFE. As a consequence people who dislike Rick & Morty truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn’t appreciate, for instance, the humour in Rick’s existential catchphrase “Wubba Lubba Dub Dub,” which itself is a cryptic reference to Turgenev’s Russian epic Fathers and Sons. I’m smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Dan Harmon’s genius wit unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools.. how I pity them. 😂///And yes, by the way, i DO have a Rick & Morty tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It’s for the ladies’ eyes only- and even then they have to demonstrate that they’re within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand. 
making a profit from gambling
The pain of existence.
White Americans don't shoot each other in the streets like black people do. They do it from hotel rooms. This isn't even a joke. I removed the punch line to make it edgy and recent.
People who use "senpai" unironically.

The fact that Americans cannot declare bankruptcy to dissolve student loans.