This subreddit.
Your life
Your sex life.
What's the Chat pickup line? None, because we can't talk to girls lmao cauase ur all fuckin nerds
aesoa: it's basically a daily thing of "how was viet a fucking retard today" 
tuna
this bot
Why is Charred broke? Because he buys too many CSGO skins.
Hey wanna hear something funny? your penis
my creator's sense of humor
Yo momma is so mean, she has no standard deviation!
What's the derivative of Amazon? Amazon Prime.
What do you call 100 statisticians at a tea party? A Z-Party.
How many dead babies do you need to paint a wall? Babies cannot paint walls.
Brexit
Hillary Clinton isn't female, she's just f. She deleted the emale.
4:52 AM - Superman2008 | kickback.com: what do you mean using electricity? its on background dude,doesnt matter if it runs or not,I would still be using computer"
My creator's sex life.
My creator's social life. 
The 2016 Presidential Election
The 2016 Olympics
You.
What did the magnetic monopole say to the Gaussian surface surrounding it? I don't give a flux about your Gauss's Law for Magnetism!
6:39 AM - Nerdster: *what do u call the useless skin around a vagina? a woman
Canadian Dollars
The value of GBP
Why was the 11 yr old boy crying? Because tuna promised him a knif but then he was b8d then b& by daka
What do you call a bunch of retarded kids with expensive pixels? CSGO trading
Why did trash leave the chat? because chat is a fuckin sausage fest
6:57 AM - Nerdster: Opinions are like assholes. Everyone has one, and everyone elses' stinks.
NA CS
8:03 AM - Hidaka: im sad i have no jokes some how
I like my women like I like my coffee - nowhere near my genitals
the !joke command
8:11 AM - Nerdster: What’s the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? A hooker can wash her crack and resell it.
8:10 AM - Nerdster: What’s the difference between a tire and 365 used condoms? One’s a Goodyear. The other’s a great year.
charred's sexuality
"Nothing to a Knife"
Statistician goes up to a party of 30 people. "There are infinitely many people here", he says.
Why did the jew enter RAOCSGO chat? to beg for skins lmao
Steam Sales
TSA
AP Exams
Gun Control
What do you call a bunch of idiots who can never agree on anything ever? US Politics
Why are asprins white? Because they work!
Why is illegal to have sex with an Ohmic circuit? Because it resists.
Why is it illegal to have sex with HTML elements contained within another element? Because it's illegal to have sex with children.
What do you call a distribution of ghost sightings plotted on an axis? A Paranormal distribution.
Why did the US and Soviet Union have the Strategic Arms Limitation Talks? (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Strategic_Arms_Limitation_Talks) Because they were SALTy about the Cold War.
What's the difference between AWP Asiimovs and British Pounds? AWP Asiimovs are stable currency accepted by people worldwide.
A girl is writing in her journal during her C++ programming class. A boy grabs it and starts reading it. "Hey, that's private!" she says. The boy responds, "But we're friends"
8:44 AM - JesusMurphy {Brazzers.com}: 2 zeuses on mouz 8:44 AM - Eiuf | 611: I thought zeus is on navi
22:30 - boomb | brb 3 weeks vacation: whats the difference between the unborn child of pro-choice parents and the bot's jokes? the child doesnt get old
Using Euros for CS:GO trading.
How do Canadaians use CAD as currency? I didn't know you could use a computerized model as money.
12:37 PM - aesoa: it's a man's duty to stick his dick into holes, and 2 out of 3 isn't bad
1:05 AM - TheLemon: all or nothing i  dont even care anymore 1:06 AM - TheLemon: anyone have like over 20$ skin that doesnt really matter
four kids you say
http://i.imgur.com/PHykmug.png
Why did Daka cross the road? To get to the liquor store.
Why does Ash like lambda calculus? Because of currying.
Why did Daka not buy a flashbang? So he could get a smoke. Because he's a smoking addict.
tuna and charred's knif addiction
Why was Tuna arrested? Because he slaughtered a bunch of people to steal their money to get more knifs
gambling sites that think they can stay open
#Nice
"Traps don't exist in real life" - Kairu
/r/csgobetting

10:50 AM - Hidaka: 1:49 PM - Yuna: LETS GET RETARDED IN HERE 10:50 AM - Hidaka: arent we always?
Use the command `sudo apt-get purge emacs` to remove all unnecessary files from Linux
%
So I just found this new bot...
No Man's Sky
Preordering games
Any Olympic teams other than the US
6:43 PM - Hidaka: if he wanted some he should try getting off the computer